you know we may in the years to follow
we may look back on this day as one of
the most interesting and important days
in the modern political history of our
country I've been saying this almost
every day for the past three years but
today really was something I mean it's
just a Ukraine storm hit Washington in a
big leeway we have moved past Watergate
into floodgate this it was an incredible
day we heard live testimony today from
the key man in the middle of all this
Trump's ambassador to the EU Gordon
Sandlin this is not an ever trumpet it's
not a civil servant this is not a
Democrat this is one of trumps
wealthiest donors a multi-millionaire
hotel magnate who a man who's given his
position after he donated a million
dollars to Trump's inauguration fund he
was the quid pro test and handling the
quo in Trump's bungled effort to smear
Joe and Hunter Biden no long trunks was
saying ambassador Sandlin will say there
was no quid pro quo and so today Salman
took the stand and said this I know that
members of this committee frequently
framed these complicated issues in the
form of a simple question was there a
quid pro quo as I testified previously
with regard to the requested White House
call and the White House meeting the
answer is yes and just like that Donald
Trump's defense disappeared faster than
he downs a bucket of KFC
this doesn't make sense he tweeted so
many times there was no quid pro quo
look at all these tweets they're all
right there and not only did he tweeted
he said it too there was no quid pro quo
no quid pro quo no quid pro quo no quid
pro quo no quid pro he's yelling through
broken Burger King drive-through window
staffers in the White House were said to
be shocked and blindsided by the
testimony this morning as it would
appear our president has been caught
orange handed and I don't think I don't
think Gordon Stalin's getting his
million dollars back I really know it's
kind of poetic watching Donald Trump get
taken down by a bald man
Soglin said he pressured Ukraine for an
investigation at the express direction
of the president Sunland screwed the
president so thoroughly today Trump
reflexively paid him 130 thousand
dollars to be quiet and as bad a day as
it was for Donald Trump may have even
been worse for Rudy Giuliani somebody's
gonna pay for this and it may very well
be America's mayor mr. Giuliani conveyed
to secretary Perry ambassador Volker and
others that President Trump wanted a
public statement from President Solinsky
committing to investigations of burry
smih and the 2016 election mr. Giuliani
expressed those requests directly to the
Ukrainians and mr. Giuliani also
expressed those requests directly to us
we all understood that these
prerequisites for the White House call
and the right White House meeting
reflected president Trump's desires and
requirements that's a big that could be
the nail in Giuliani's coffin which is
especially problematic
that's where he sleeps and Soglin said
he and others did not want to work with
Giuliani but they had to play the hand
they were dealt by the president and
this is maybe the Trumpy Esparta of the
whole deal
he soundly testified the president
wanted Ukrainian the crazies to announce
an investigation into the Biden's but
they didn't actually have to do the
investigation kind of like if you were
to announce you're gonna build a wall
and you know Salman said Trump didn't
seem to care if the investigations
actually took place which is how you
which is how you know he really cares
about corruption in the Ukraine but he
just wanted people to know that these
guys were looking at Joe Biden it's like
signing up for a marathon you don't
actually want to run it you just want to
post about it on Instagram and according
to the song when Rudy Giuliani was the
only one on Team Trump in the loop on
these dastardly deeds guess who else was
in the loop too everyone was in the loop
[Applause]
secretary state chief of staff Rick
Perry Jon bones quite a list and today
they all went under the bus so many guys
went under the bus today
it wasn't even room for all of them
under there they had to go under in
chips poor Mike Pence the one time they
let my pets in the loop it's a federal
crime this kind of tells you all you
need to know about how things went today
look at these headlines vice president
pence left DC area just minutes after
solid start deadline Mike Pompeo
searching for a safe exit from state
ahead of Senate run the easiest way to
tell somebody's about to leave the Trump
administration is if they are currently
in the Trump administration it was a
damning day so where does this leave the
ranking Republican in the House Devin
Nunez had to dig extra deep today to
defend the indefensible in fact he had
to go all the way back to the
Revolutionary War
finally the Democrats fake outrage that
President Trump used his own channel to
communicate with Ukraine remind my
friends on the other side of the aisle
that our first president George
Washington directed his own diplomatic
channels to secure
treaty with Great Britain's if my
Democratic colleagues were around in
1794 they'd probably want to impeach him
too
you know I think Emma noonas may have
studied history at Trump University
because he's it he's an imbecile he's
really scraping the bottom of the barrel
today but even he couldn't hide his
shock-watches face here when they break
for a recess after some land blew the
whole place up
that concludes our 45 minutes I now
recognize mr. Nunez Oh
okay when we take a five or ten minute
break thank you that's the same face
Trump made the day Don jr. was born it's
a sad thing this Gordon Sunland is an
interesting character one of the lighter
moments today was when he weighed in on
what he said during a call with Trump
you confirmed to President Trump that
you were in Ukraine at the time and that
President zalenski quote loves your ass
unquote do you recall saying that yeah
it sounds like something I would say
it's about as Gordy as it gets it was in
a story cake not only was there a chat
about the president's bottom today's
testimony also set a record for most
impeachment hearing mentions of a
hip-hop star ASAP rocky ASAP rocky ASAP
rocky face that rocky ASAP rocky ASAP
rocky more Rocky's than Sylvester
Stallone I don't think we can overstate
how unusual that there's any lack of a
large portion of the Watergate hearings
revolved around sly in the Family Stone
it's
it was not a fun day for the President
Trump was in his office
eating cans of Diet Coke today he
watched the testimony this morning
panicked and then charged out to the
White House lawn to try to somehow claim
a victory from this I'm gonna go very
quickly just a quick comment on what's
going on in terms of testimony with
ambassador Soglin and I just noticed one
thing and I would say that means it's
all over I hope you're right about that
it's breezy lips to God's ears and I'm
sure you'll be surprised to learn that
Trump now claims he doesn't really know
Gordon saw England I don't know him very
well I have not spoken too much this is
not a man I know well seems like a nice
guy though but I don't know well he was
with other candidates he actively
supported of the candidate not named
fainted late why do I get the feeling
when this presidency ends Trump will
claim he's never heard of Donald Trump
his big defense now is the new defense
is that he told Salman no quid pro quo
but of course he said that after the
whistleblower blew when he was
desperately trying to cover his tracks
but here's my response now if you
weren't fake news you covered properly I
say to the ambassador's response
I want nothing I want nothing I want no
quid pro quo tell Jelinski president
solutions to do the right thing so
here's my answer
I want nothing I want nothing I want no
quid pro quo tells the lynching to do
the right thing then he says this is the
final word from the President of the
United States
I want nothing thank you folks have a
good time I'm going
Matt Gutman you know usually with Trump
screams I want nothing as when the White
House orders salad for lunch but he
doesn't seem okay has anyone considered
the possibility that his that
unscheduled visit he made to Walter Reed
Hospital or of the weekend was to get
his doctor to implant a cyanide tooth in
the meantime as if that all wasn't
enough political theater there was a
democratic debate tonight this is the
first debate ever to begin with a round
of tequila shops that's why they've been
having a debate today the White House is
imploding just taken me and run out the
clock the previous debate had 12
candidates on the stage tonight that
field was narrowed down to 10 and then
next time it will be widened back up to
12 but the debate was held at Tyler
Perry studios in Atlanta and that was
interesting because if you were to take
Cory Booker Elizabeth Warren Bernie
Sanders and Kamala Harris and mash them
all together you would get
nobody cares about the debate tonight
the big story of the day was Gordon
Sunland and his testimony he gave
several hours on the stand they covered
a lot but I still have questions so we
tracked him down and he's joining us now
from Washington DC thank you for joining
us tonight ambassador
[Applause]
are you still at the hearing that's
correct
I thought it ended hours ago it did but
I'm afraid to leave why are you afraid
to leave you think the president is
angry with you breathe he's angrier than
the Greta Thun burg in a Humvee
dealership he's angrier than Jim Jordan
with an expired Rogaine coupon he's
angrier than Mike Pence seeing a woman
dance on a Sunday oh I hope you don't
mind me asking do you believe the
president committed a crime a crime
the guy's committed more crimes and
Jeffrey Epstein and an American Girl
doll store
[Applause]
the president's more red-handed than
Robert Kraft masseuse who I know
personally
he's more crooked than Michael Jackson's
penis I think we get the point I think
we get the point here about the
president the only thing he's instructed
more than justice or his own arteries
I've personally seen the president dip
is cheeseburgers in mayonnaise
he makes your security guy Guillermo
look like Wilmer Valderrama hey by the
way for those who are unfamiliar with
your history how did you come to be come
the ambassador to the EU interesting
story have you heard of money
yeah gave Trump a lot of that okay and
he made me the ambassador that's how it
works
it's called a quid pro quo Jimmy Google
[Applause]
but how would you describe your
relationship with the president today
hmm
I'd say it's ASAP Rocky okay because the
president is now saying he doesn't
really know you seriously yeah seriously
geez what is that your phone you need to
get that it's probably just Giuliani but
dialing me again okay I'll wait if you
want to take the call yeah dick I'm
gonna rip out your arm
deep-fry it and cover it and Arby's
horsey sauce Homer I'll have to get back
to you
where's my wife okay well she sounds
lovely
where do you think about sooner we you
will go from here I'll be doing what any
disgraced member of this administration
would do Dancing with the Stars
[Applause]
hi I'm Jimmy Kimmel I hope you enjoyed
that video hit subscribe and all your
dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos